âš”ï¸ ğ—¡ğ—²ğ˜„ ğ—¶ğ˜ğ—²ğ—º!
Arista, Wand of the Spire
Wand, artifact (requires attunement by a spellcaster)
___

This elegant silver and gold wand was crafted by the archmages that first arrived in Orostead centuries ago, well before the magical fallout of the Upheaval. It has been carefully used by only the extremely powerful or clever for generations. The wand has 7 charges for some of the following properties. It regains all expended charges daily at dawn. If you expend the wand's last charge and are not a wizard, roll a d20. On a 1, the wand vanishes and returns to a secret vault within The Spire of Aristaeus, the legendary wizarding tower in Orostead.

ğ™‘ğ™–ğ™§ğ™ğ™–ğ™£ğ™© ğ™‹ğ™§ğ™¤ğ™¥ğ™šğ™§ğ™©ğ™ğ™šğ™¨.Â Some properties of this artifact are locked behind layers of dormant magic. As you grow stronger and reach certain milestones, these properties may become available to you. This wand can have up to 3 of the following properties active at a time. When you attune toÂ "Arista", you can choose to activate up to 3 of its variant properties whose prerequisites you meet. Whenever you finish a long rest, you can replace any of the activated properties with another one.

â—‹ While holding the wand, you can use an action to cast one of the following spells from it, using your spell save DC:Â "create or destroy water",Â "floating disk",Â "fog cloud",Â "gaseous form", "identify", orÂ "sanctuary". Once the wand has been used to cast a spell, it can't be used to cast that spell again until the next dawn.

â—‹ While holding the wand, you can use an action to expend 1 of its charges to cast theÂ "magic missile"Â spell. When you reach 9th level, this spell is cast at 2nd level instead, and is cast at 3rd level once you reach 13th.

â—‹Â (Prerequisite: 5th level)Â You gain a +1 bonus to spell attack rolls and spell save DC. This bonus increases to +2 when you reach 9th level, and +3 when you reach 17th.

â—‹Â (Prerequisite: 5th-level wizard)Â While holding the wand, you can use an action to cast theÂ "unseen servant" spell.

...Continued in the comments below!
