âš”ï¸ ğ—¡ğ—²ğ˜„ ğ—¶ğ˜ğ—²ğ—º!
Dragon Tamer Lance
Weapon (lance), legendary (requires attunement)
___

This slender, iridescent lance is covered in an enchanted finish that resembles the hardened scales of many dragons. You gain a +1 bonus to attack and damage rolls made with this magic weapon. While attuned to the weapon, you can understand and speak Draconic.

The lance has 8 charges and regains 1d4+4 expended charges each day at dawn. When you hit a target with a melee weapon attack using the lance, you can expend 1 charge to deal an extra 3d6 acid, cold, fire, lightning, or poison damage with the attack. If you expend a charge in this way when you hit a dragon, it must also succeed on a DC 16 Wisdom saving throw or become frightened of you until the beginning of your next turn. For the purpose of this weapon, "dragon" refers to any creature with the dragon type, including dragon turtles and wyverns.

Whenever you expend a charge in this way to deal extra damage, you can choose to expend a second charge and deal an additional 1d6 damage of the same type to the target and prevent it from using its reaction until the start of its next turn.

In addition, you can use the lance to cast theÂ "find steed"Â spell. Once you cast it, you cannot do so again until the following dawn. When you cast the spell, you can choose to summon a dragon wyrmling instead by expending a number of charges equal to its challenge rating (maximum 2). You determine the kind of dragon summoned, although its alignment towards good or evil must be the same as your own. If your alignment is neutral, you can summon a wyrmling of either alignment. The wyrmling counts as one size larger when used as a mount and cannot use its breath weapons to attack.

ğ™ğ™¤ğ™§ğ™˜ğ™šğ™›ğ™ªğ™¡ ğ™ğ™¢ğ™¥ğ™–ğ™˜ğ™©.Â If you move at least 20 feet straight toward a Medium or smaller target and then make a melee weapon attack with the lance against it while within 5 feet of the target, you make the attack with advantage instead of disadvantage. If you hit, you can immediately roll to attack another target 5 feet directly behind the first, without advantage, as part of the initial attack.
