游눑 洧디洧쓇롖 洧딨洧때洧쓇롕!
Masks of the Sacred Beasts
Wondrous item, rarity varies (requires attunement)
___

These dark ceramic and gold masks are fashioned after animals that are sacred in certain cultures. Each mask's appearance and properties are based on the sacred beast it represents. While attuned to a mask, you can end your attunement to it and attune to a different one over the course of 1 minute, instead of over the course of one or more short rests.

洧쮫롗洧똓洧똊洧똓洧똋洧륋롗뫯롗 (洧쮫롗벓롗뮗롗뮗롗벓롗).While wearing a crocodile mask, you gain a swimming speed of 30 feet and can hold your breath for up to 10 minutes at a time.

洧뗺洧륋롗벓롗 (洧똃洧똒洧똊洧똓洧똑洧똑洧똓洧똒). While wearing a lion mask, you have advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on smell. In addition, your nails extend into claws, turning your unarmed strikes with your hands into magic weapons that deal slashing damage with a damage die of 1d6.

洧뗶洧똈洧똛洧 (洧똀洧똈洧똖洧똌). While wearing a hawk mask, you have advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks that rely on sight, and attacking at long range doesn't impose disadvantage on your ranged attack rolls. In addition, you can cast the"feather fall"맙pell at will, targeting only yourself.

洧뗻洧똙洧또洧똌 (洧똄洧똌洧똖洧똝 洧똀洧똈洧똖洧똌).While wearing a mule mask, your Strength score increases by 2, to a maximum of 20, you count as one size larger when determining your carrying capacity and the weight you can push, drag, or lift, and you have advantage on Strength and Dexterity ability checks and saving throws against being knocked prone. In addition, when you hit a Large or smaller creature with a melee weapon attack, you can use a bonus action to force that creature to make a DC 16 Strength or Dexterity saving throw (its choice). On a failed save, the creature is knocked prone.

洧뗸洧똈洧똊洧멇롗뒳롗 (洧뗺洧똌洧똎洧똌洧똒洧똋洧똈洧똖洧똝).While wearing a jackal mask, you have advantage on Wisdom (Perception) checks and immunity to necrotic damage.

In addition, you can use an action to fire a beam of deathly green magic from your forehead at a creature you can see within 60 feet of you...

Continued in the comments below!
