丘덢잺 洧디洧쓇롖 洧딨洧때洧쓇롕!
Violet King's Promise
Weapon (rapier), legendary (requires attunement by a bard, cleric, paladin, or ranger)
___

This elegant brass rapier was originally wielded by a beloved king, whose empathy and care for his subjects lives on within the blade. When you hit with an attack using this magic sword, the target takes an extra 1d8 fire damage. In addition, you can use this rapier as a spellcasting focus.

The rapier has 7 charges and regains all expended charges daily at dawn. While holding it, a number of gems inside the guard equal to the weapon's remaining charges glow red. When you expend a charge from the rapier, it releases a plume of dark smoke from one of the gems.

If an attacker makes a spell attack against you or a target within 5 feet of you while you're holding the rapier, you can use your reaction to impose disadvantage on the attack roll. If the attack misses and was a spell of 1st level or higher, you regain 1 expended charge.

While holding the rapier, you can expend 1 or more of its charges to give one of three decrees that affect the flow of magic and battle: "洧쮫롗뫯롗뛿롗뮗롗뛿롗洧똊洧똝." When you cast a spell of 1st level or higher that restores hit points to a single creature, you can use your reaction to expend 2 charges to cause a different creature within 10 feet of the original target to regain 1d8 hit points per spell level. When you do, both creatures have advantage on the next ability check or saving throw it makes before the end of its next turn. "洧쮫롗벓롗洧똋洧똌洧똑洧똒."When you cast a spell that deals damage to a single creature, you can use your reaction to expend 2 charges to cause that target as well as a different creature within 10 feet of it to make a Charisma saving throw using your spell save DC. On a failed save, a creature takes 3d8 fire damage and has disadvantage on the next attack roll it makes before the end of its next turn. On a successful save, a creature takes half as much fire damage and makes its next attack roll as normal. "洧뗽洧똚洧똌洧똖洧똖洧똙洧또洧똌."ㅁfter you roll dice to restore hit points to a single creature or roll damage for a spell attack or attack using this weapon... ...Continued in the comments!
