âš”ï¸ ğ—¡ğ—²ğ˜„ ğ—¶ğ˜ğ—²ğ—º!
Wand of the Alicorn
Wand, legendary (requires attunement by a good-aligned spellcaster)
___

This wand was made using the horn of a unicorn and feather of a pegasus for the queen for Orostead, a powerful mage whose skilled leadership made her a favorite among her city's citizens and military. The wand has 7 charges, which are used for the following properties, and regains all expended charges daily at dawn.

ğ™ğ™¥ğ™šğ™¡ğ™¡ğ™¨. While holding the wand, you can use an action to expend some of its charges to cast one of the following spells (save DC 17):Â "dispel evil and good"Â (1 charge), "find steed"Â (a pegasus, 1 charge), "guiding bolt"Â (6th-level version, 1 charge, +10 to hit with ranged spell attack), orÂ "sacred flame"Â (no charges, cast at 5th level).

ğ˜¾ğ™§ğ™šğ™–ğ™©ğ™š ğ™’ğ™ğ™£ğ™œğ™¨. While holding the wand, you can use a bonus action to expend 1 charge from the wand to summon a pair of magical pegasus wings from your back for 1 hour. The wings give you a flying speed of 60 feet.

Alternatively, while holding the wand, you can use a bonus action to expend 1 of its charges to cause the wings to appear on the back of a creature you can see within 60 feet of you. When you do, that creature can immediately use its reaction to fly up to its speed, without provoking opportunity attacks. At the end of your turn, the wings vanish.

ğ™ƒğ™šğ™–ğ™¡ğ™ğ™£ğ™œ ğ™‡ğ™ğ™œğ™ğ™©. While holding the wand, you can use an action to expend 1 or more charges from the wand to cause a beam of healing light to shine down on a creature you can see within 60 feet of you. The creature regains 10 hit points for each charge you spend and is cured of either one disease or one condition afflicting it. The condition can be blinded, deafened, paralyzed, or poisoned. If a creature regains hit points in this way that would take it above its hit point maximum, that creature gains temporary hit points equal to the number of restored hit points above its hit point maximum.
